README.adoc, before:

This project creates functional bean definitions from Spring Boot
autoconfigurations. It's really (surprisingly) fast.

To use it include the library on your classpath:

```
		<dependency>
			<groupId>org.springframework.boot.experimental</groupId>
			<artifactId>spring-boot-auto-reflect</artifactId>
			<version>1.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
		</dependency>
```

Create your Spring Boot application as an
`ApplicationContextInitializer` and register beans in the `initialize()`
method, e.g.

```java
@RestController
public class AutoApplication
		implements ApplicationContextInitializer<GenericApplicationContext> {

	@GetMapping
	public String home() {
		return "Hello";
	}

	@Override
	public void initialize(GenericApplicationContext context) {
		context.registerBean(AutoApplication.class, () -> this);
	}

}
```

then use the custom `SpringApplication` class from this library
instead of the default one to launch your app, as normal:

```java
	public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
		SpringApplication.run(AutoApplication.class, args);
	}
```

For integration tests use the test context loader from this library. E.g:

```java
@RunWith(SpringRunner.class)
@SpringBootTest(webEnvironment = WebEnvironment.RANDOM_PORT)
@ContextConfiguration(classes = AutoApplication.class, loader = AutoTestContextLoader.class)
public class AutoApplicationTests {

	@Autowired
	private WebTestClient rest;

	@Test
	public void contextLoads() {
		rest.get().uri("/").exchange().expectBody(String.class).isEqualTo("Hello");
	}

}

```

Unsupported: test slices (`@WebMvcTest` etc.) and `@AutoConfigure*`
annotations in tests.

Commit message:

Add support for @Configuration programming model in user code!

README.adoc, after:

This project creates functional bean definitions from Spring Boot
autoconfigurations. It's really (surprisingly) fast.

To use it include the library on your classpath:

```
		<dependency>
			<groupId>org.springframework.boot.experimental</groupId>
			<artifactId>spring-boot-auto-reflect</artifactId>
			<version>1.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
		</dependency>
```

Create your Spring Boot application as an
`ApplicationContextInitializer` and register beans in the `initialize()`
method, e.g.

```java
@RestController
public class AutoApplication
		implements ApplicationContextInitializer<GenericApplicationContext> {

	@GetMapping
	public String home() {
		return "Hello";
	}

	@Override
	public void initialize(GenericApplicationContext context) {
		context.registerBean(AutoApplication.class, () -> this);
	}

}
```

then use the custom `SpringApplication` class from this library
instead of the default one to launch your app, as normal:

```java
	public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
		SpringApplication.run(AutoApplication.class, args);
	}
```

Instead of using an `ApplicationContextInitializer` you can use the
regular `@SpringBootApplication` and `@Configuration` programming
model in your own classes, and set `spring.functional.enabled=true`
(e.g. as a System property). Be sure to use the custom
`SpringApplication` class though if you do that.

For integration tests use the test context loader from this library. E.g:

```java
@RunWith(SpringRunner.class)
@SpringBootTest(webEnvironment = WebEnvironment.RANDOM_PORT)
@ContextConfiguration(classes = AutoApplication.class, loader = AutoTestContextLoader.class)
public class AutoApplicationTests {

	@Autowired
	private WebTestClient rest;

	@Test
	public void contextLoads() {
		rest.get().uri("/").exchange().expectBody(String.class).isEqualTo("Hello");
	}

}

```

Unsupported: test slices (`@WebMvcTest` etc.) and `@AutoConfigure*`
annotations in tests.
